README.md, before:

# cctl : cmake control

### This script automates certain cmake commands for you like,
- Building the project using cmake.
- Running the executable generated from build.
- Cleaning the build.

## Installation
### Linux :
- Run this command in your bash shell to download the script in `/usr/local/bin` directory,
  ```bash
  sudo curl -o /usr/local/bin/cctl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dhruv-dhaduk/cctl/main/cctl.sh
  ```
- Now run this command to make downloaded script executable,
  ```bash
  sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/cctl
  ```

## Usage
- The script is very simple now, so you can just look at its source code to know what it can do.
- Following command builds the project inside `build` directory and also compiles it using `make`
  ```bash
  cctl build
  ```
- Following command executes the executable generated from build
  ```bash
  cctl run projectName
  ```
  (Replace `projectName` with your cmake project name)
- Following command deletes the compilation artifacts generated by `make`
  ```bash
  cctl clean
  ```
- Following command deletes all the artifacts generated from both `make` and `cmake`
  ```bash
  cctl cleanall
  ```

Commit message:

Added Windows installation instructions in README

README.md, after:

# cctl : cmake control

### This script automates certain cmake commands for you like,
- Building the project using cmake.
- Running the executable generated from build.
- Cleaning the build.

## Installation
### Linux :
- Run this command in your bash shell to download the script in `/usr/local/bin` directory,
  ```bash
  sudo curl -o /usr/local/bin/cctl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dhruv-dhaduk/cctl/main/cctl.sh
  ```
- Now run this command to make downloaded script executable,
  ```bash
  sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/cctl
  ```
### Windows :
- [Download](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dhruv-dhaduk/cctl/main/cctl.bat) the batch file.
- Save it to any folder of your choice. (e.g., `C:\scripts`).
- Set the path of that folder in environment variable.

## Usage
- The script is very simple now, so you can just look at its source code to know what it can do.
- Following command builds the project inside `build` directory and also compiles it using `make`
  ```bash
  cctl build
  ```
- Following command executes the executable generated from build
  ```bash
  cctl run projectName
  ```
  (Replace `projectName` with your cmake project name)
- Following command deletes the compilation artifacts generated by `make`
  ```bash
  cctl clean
  ```
- Following command deletes all the artifacts generated from both `make` and `cmake`
  ```bash
  cctl cleanall
  ```
